README.md, before:

# _spatialist_ - Spatialise your images!

<!-- badges: start -->
[![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/kevinrue/spatialist)](https://github.com/kevinrue/spatialist/issues)
[![GitHub pulls](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr/kevinrue/spatialist)](https://github.com/kevinrue/spatialist/pulls)
[![Lifecycle: stable](https://img.shields.io/badge/lifecycle-stable-green.svg)](https://lifecycle.r-lib.org/articles/stages.html#stable)
[![R-CMD-check-bioc](https://github.com/kevinrue/spatialist/workflows/R-CMD-check-bioc/badge.svg)](https://github.com/kevinrue/spatialist/actions)

<!-- badges: end -->

## Overview

The _spatialist_ package provides functionality to read image files
and produce plots that simulate spatial omics data
(e.g., 10x Genomics Visium and Xenium).

## Example

Xenium-like                |  Visium-like              
:-------------------------:|:-------------------------:
![Xenium-like output.](https://kevinrue.github.io/spatialist/articles/spatialist_files/figure-html/spatial-1.png)  |  ![Visium-like output.](https://kevinrue.github.io/spatialist/articles/spatialist_files/figure-html/visium-1.png)

## Installation

_spatalist_ can be easily installed from GitHub using `remotes::install_github()`:

```r
install.packages("remotes")
remotes::install_github("kevinrue/spatialist")
```

## Functionalities

Spatialise images

## Code of Conduct
  
Please note that the spatialist project is released with a [Contributor Code of Conduct](https://contributor-covenant.org/version/2/0/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.html). By contributing to this project, you agree to abide by its terms.

Commit message:

rename to spotify and add vignette (#1)
* rename to spotify

* fix github action workflow

* fix namespace

* update license news readme tests

* fix test

* fix path to example file

* add spotify vignette and move kevin to articles

README.md, after:

# _spotify_ - Spotify your images!

<!-- badges: start -->
[![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/kevinrue/spotify)](https://github.com/kevinrue/spotify/issues)
[![GitHub pulls](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr/kevinrue/spotify)](https://github.com/kevinrue/spotify/pulls)
[![Lifecycle: stable](https://img.shields.io/badge/lifecycle-stable-green.svg)](https://lifecycle.r-lib.org/articles/stages.html#stable)
[![R-CMD-check-bioc](https://github.com/kevinrue/spotify/workflows/R-CMD-check-bioc/badge.svg)](https://github.com/kevinrue/spotify/actions)

<!-- badges: end -->

## Overview

The _spotify_ package provides functionality to read image files
and produce plots that simulate spatial omics data
(e.g., 10x Genomics Visium and Xenium).

## Example

Xenium-like                |  Visium-like              
:-------------------------:|:-------------------------:
![Xenium-like output.](https://kevinrue.github.io/spotify/articles/kevin_files/figure-html/spatial-1.png)  |  ![Visium-like output.](https://kevinrue.github.io/spotify/articles/kevin_files/figure-html/visium-1.png)

## Installation

_spatalist_ can be easily installed from GitHub using `remotes::install_github()`:

```r
install.packages("remotes")
remotes::install_github("kevinrue/spotify")
```

## Functionalities

Spotify images

## Code of Conduct
  
Please note that the spotify project is released with a [Contributor Code of Conduct](https://contributor-covenant.org/version/2/0/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.html). By contributing to this project, you agree to abide by its terms.
